.\" manpae for pwsafe-cli, the command-line interface to pwsafe
.\" See https://pwsafe.org
.
.de URL
\\$2 \(laURL: \\$1 \(ra\\$3
..
.if \n[.g] .mso www.tmac
.TH pwsafe\-cli 1 2017-06-29 "pwsafe-cli 1.0"
.SH NAME
pwsafe-cli \- The command-line interface to Password Safe (pwsafe.org)
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pwsafe\-cli
.I pwsafe\-db
.I command
[
.IR command\-options " ..."
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
pwsafe-cli is the command-line version of the popular Password Safe program.
Currently, it supports only some of the operations supported by the GUI.

.SH COMMANDS
Commands are what one would like to do with the
.I pwsafe-db
\&. A command follows the
.I pwsafe-db
argument, followed by options for that command.
.PP
Most of the functionality to use/change existring entries is provided by the
.B --search
command. Unlike a GUI where one can visually identify
the desired entry, in a command-line based interface an entry can only be
specified by matching properties like Group, Title, User, etc.
That is, it has to be searched for and matched uniquely.
Therefore, operations that can be performed on existing entries
are provided as \fIsearch-action\fR.

.PP
.B \-\-new
.RS 4
Create a new safe named
.I pwsafe-db
\&. The
.I pwsafe\-db
file must not already exist.
.RE
.PP
.B \-\-imp
[
.I another-db
]
[ --text | --xml ]
.RS 4
Import another pwsafe db in text/xml format into
.I pwsafe-db
.RE
.PP
.B \-\-exp
[
.I another-db
]
[ --text | --xml ]
.RS 4
Export
.I pwsafe-db
to text/xml.
.RE
.PP
.B \-\-add
.IR field1 = value1 [, field2 = value2 , field3 = value3 ...
]
.RS 4
Add an entry to
.I pwsafe-db
with the field values as specified.
Title must be specified.
Password is auto-generated if not specified.
.RE
.PP
.B \-\-search
.I <text>
[
.I search-options
]
[
.I search-action
]
[
.I search-action-options
]
.RS 4
Search for and perform an operation on all the matching entries.
.RE
.PP
.B \-\-diff
.I <another-safe>
[
.I matching-options
]
[
.I diff-options
]
.RS 4
Compare two pwsafe databases
.RE
.PP
.B \-\-sync
.I <another-safe>
[
.I matching-options
]
[
.I sync-options
]
[
.I \-\-yes
]
.RS 4
Sync
.I some
fields from matching entries in another db.
.RE
.PP
.B \-\-merge
[
.I another-safe
]
[
.I matching-options
]
[
.I --yes
]
.RS 4
Merge
.B all
fields from matching entries in another db.
.RE
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Copyright \(co 2017 \fIPassword Safe\fP
.br
.URL "https://pwsafe.org" "pwsafe" "*"
